Omnia is silenced wi
que black Waters Dragon
Venom that [__] got right on top of you she seash shell by the
seash Sea seashells by the sea
they s you knock off Jesus fact Sim is the real mystery your poster boy pedophile drug
addict was made by Rome to enslave all of you knock knock can't you hear me I'm
at the door Christine Theory x black Waters black venom Julius Caesar hung M
portrait on the Temple of Venus the producer Divine Julian library of the Renaissance
cine books so cold with the Freezy poisonous kisses SE
seashell by the
seash she sell seashells by the
seashore welcome back to lady Babylon and what I predict will be the most
feather ruffling show we've ever had tonight so buckle up
satanic congregation I thank you for coming I thank you for coming I want to
make a couple of announcements um before we begin thank you teddy Bas um I want
to make a couple of announcements I'm getting a lot of requests and thank you
for those love it love it um people are saying where is am and youu Al andu is
coming Al andu is coming I have to push first to get you am and you and um we'll
go from there uh soldiers you'll notice the tone is changing a little bit at am
and youu and you'll notice that well the instruction is rather
drilish yes oh God because we need everybody on their toes with the Greeks
so that we can access the library right we are at that Renaissance
that seed is just about to sprout just about to sprout oh God for all you for
all you people in future studies oh God this was the year this was the year oh I
love it um so more to come it's coming and it will come and everybody can be
involved in that who wants to be and it'll be fantastic um the museum the
Integrity of the museum must be held uh uh uh as our distinct privilege um I
want to say a thank you to all of the people from discordia who have been
working so hard and the Talent by the way I'm I'm I you know I know not
everybody was privileged to be there but this was uh this was a show that was
playing out in front of me that was just gorgeous full of Integrity just popping
with artistic Beauty um the music was gorgeous this is people composing and
Performing music The Poetry was Exquisite this is stuff
this is Salon you're creating an environment and you did so
tonight after lady Babylon I will meet with the round table and I will give you
the words of Omnia fantastic fantastic I'm looking forward
to that so right afterwards on tonight's show we're gonna have Gnostic informant
come Gnostic informant's gonna come and inform us fantastically so wait for it when I'm
done with my section going to call him in love it love it everybody who's been
involved thank you thank you so I promise you because I know you're satanic congregation I know what you're
looking for this is the dirty stuff you want this is the stuff that will cause
controversy this is the edge they called it the last Wild Frontier of
Classics who said that the London Times this is The Edge are you ready
tonight tonight I am going to bring to
you the big lie yeah this is it this is bigger than
big this is the one that changed history
without [Music] it the timeline
degenerates we fall back to that classical well we wake up and we
see we see indeed the best thing to do is to serve the
Muse tonight I'm going to show you I'm going to do something very
straightforward and simple I know everybody has time constraints so here's
what I'm going to do I'm going to to value your time and I'm going to say we are going to look at Isaiah chapter 3
Isaiah chapter 3 but we're going to look at it in the way that you've never looked at it before we're going to look
at it in the original language in which it was
written which is Greek and you're going to
see how the translation slope from
higher Tech to lower Tech is downward
plummet you're gonna see it oh God what are we gonna do I'm gonna show you those
texts for the first time are you ready for this and I I I want you to see how
the big lie um Changed History
and you happen to be swimming in it right now now you're swimming in it is
everybody on the throne I forgot to tell us get out now everybody we got to get out this ship has landed we're going
into the Zone but on tonight's Mission I want you to taste the big lie here we go
are you ready get me up the first this is who we're looking at
heas oh you say it so strangely hey isas oh love it this is
Isaiah Isaiah and Isaiah is going to prophesy
for us he's going to tell us like prophets do he's going to tell us about
Yahoo and about what Yahoo is going to do to these people who are dancing with
their wait a minute what okay hang on right we we always go to cult sites
right you didn't think I wouldn't bring you to plac that wasn't cult cuz I know what you love baby I know what you love
you love these dingy cult drug parties yeah it's fantastic don't don't
get me wrong um we hang out together and I appreciate that I appreciate that
let's go to the next one bring that up what am I doing I'm showing you Isaiah 3 and I'm first going to show you in the
native Greek and I'm we're going to look at technical terms look at this pay
attention says the Lord desperate who rules Sabah he's going to take away from those
judeans and from those jerusalemites every strong man and every strong woman
he's going to take the strength of your bread and water
okay now that was the translation right Applause chewy we need some kind of
Applause um no yeah not really uh what
does pray tell what does the Hebrew make of this because what you're looking at
what I'm going to show you is the Hebrew translation of that Greek text now that
gets us into a little background you can brainwash them with pictures now that
gets us into a little necessary background there's a letter and this letter is a
forgery but the letter states that the people um who
wrote the um septu aent that that was a
group of rabbis 72 of them I've got 72 slides tonight 72 of them and that they
got together and um by the power of Yahoo
they all came up with the same translation um wonderful just a
beautiful beautiful fairy tale but that fairy tale was meant for a
reason what I'm going to show you now is the translation of that into Hebrew
which remember this is is the third Century okay third Century Hebrews been
dead As Dead As Dead can get I want to ask you before we begin
this before I show you the Hebrew I I want to ask
you give me the name of one Hebrew author outside of the
in Greek the tlg will tell you we've got a good standard
400ish okay um if you were to take all the names of all the authors that are
quoted from the ancient text that we've got you've got thousands upon
thousands give me the name of one Hebrew author
outside of the Old Testament give me one name surely they have medical writers
everybody's got medical writers even the Egyptians even the Egyptians have
medical right and you say oh well the Egyptians were ho HOA
booha this is literature we're talking about writing this is evident
we're not here for ideas we're here for evidence yes okay so let's see what
happens when you take that and now you're trying to forge tonight's show is all about
forgery and fraudulence if you are
fraudulent you'll be found out tonight on the big lie oh I love it
it sounds like a detective show or something I'd love that who is that jwy
is that is that a saint is that a saint oh it's Isaiah there he is thank you
he's got a nice desk I like that nice job Isaiah okay let's keep going give me
the next one because it's the Hebrew now that we're going to jump to go hit it oh first The New International Version see
now the Lord the Lord Almighty is about to take from Jerusalem and Judah both
Supply and support all supplies of food and all supplies of
water okay terribly off from the Greek what happened to the strong man and the
strong woman because ladies you're gonna love it it's all
full of women tonight remember Yahoo loves child sacrifice and hates
women right this is blatant bold misogyny you know why he hated them here
in Isaiah because they were ruling they
Ares are you kidding they're rulers take them
out yes yes that's you have to remember don't forget Yahoo and I'm going to show
you the name Yahoo and why I say Yahoo H hit it where's Isaiah get that
get the thing on here who oh prophets
buttocks that's what we have a prophets bucks oh love it okay go to the next one
what is that new international version based on all the English is going to be
based on the mastic Hebrew fiction of the 9th and 10th centuries
okay that's what it is remember the Dead Sea Scrolls everybody thinks the Dead Sea Scrolls were like um you know Hebrew
um Originals no why do you think they found them with Greek because the Greek text
had been long established yes it's the sad fact of one
language dying when another comes in and totally takes it
out yes oh it was a Slaughter my God what Greek did and to how many languages
did Greek do it oh God people think Alexander the
Great um spread Hellenism um I got news for you he
spread the language and the language consumed consumed it set the people on
fire right oh love it love the language go to it go to it yep yep here's the
Hebrew now okay here's the Hebrew blow it up for me to I gotta get my glasses so here's that same verse you know who's
the Lord we're talking about here um Yahweh see Yahweh there um that's cuos
right they love people love to translate that um it's Yahweh um some of the some
of the things that you see like they'll use one word in Greek to translate two different Hebrew words right so get
ready for the vocabulary skill to drop through the floor are you ready um yeah
so behold the Lord Yahweh the Lord of hosts takes that's Sabo right takes away
from Jerusalem and from Jordan what is this the stock and the store what happened to my dude and my dude that
what happened to him they got rid of him they got rid of him that's
interesting what happened let's keep let's keep going see if this mystery will pull itself together give me the
Hebrew term what is the Hebrew term we're concerned about Mission a support or staff that
has nothing to do with a person whoever was translating this from the Greek had
to rely upon much more simpler Expressions why because at the time
Greek was lurgical I mean Hebrew was lurgical there's nothing they could do there's Greek all over the walls of your
synagogues right so this is a Hebrew problem um not a cultural or historical
problem the Hebrew language was inadequate it was inadequate so I'm I'm
going to show you technically um how a language that has less technical
terminology and is functioning at a lower level um can't bear the signal of
that Hightech and we're gonna prove that tonight with a purple oh I love it love
this stuff okay let's go thank you people for coming thank you thank you Gnostic I will be there um go to the
next one and look this is verse two what else is the uh is Yahoo going to take
from everybody look at verse two he's going to take the Giant
and he's going to take the strong and the person who is the war
trained and the diecast he's going to take what the diecast I hang on to that
thought what else is he gonna take he's gonna take the Prophet The Prophet wait what's a
prophet let's see um then he's gonna take
the and the old person the Elder you could say he's going to
take all that stuff away because you know those are the resources of those communities now let's see what the
Hebrew text does with this let's see I think I got a picture don't you chewy
let's see what the Hebrew text does yeah there we go oh here we go the
Mighty Man and the man of war right so I
just got to warn you the Greek here used a very specific adjective um indicating a type of person
who has been trained in the Arts of War um the Hebrew has to use much more
simpler man of war right do you hear how the level of
specificity drops yes okay keep going they got the
Elder right wait what else did they put there I forgot to um oh they say the
judge and the the prophet and the divor and the Elder right they got the Elder
in there let's see about the others let's bring me up a let's see how close they hit Roger that let me see how close
they got here's the man of war right that ish of
War right is Isha right um look at the
Simplicity of the expression hit me the next one um what is that in the Greek
original now it's specifically somebody trained in the Arts of War it is a technical
station or post give me the next one or we gonna yeah you can come back to that go
ahead yeah boom um what it is the war is
it anything specific or is it just kind of no it's just battle of War ride
mahama okay go go to the next one cool all all right I'm I'm feeling it um what
is a decastes what is that that's a judge so on the Hebrew side they got the
judge part but I want you to look at this word how much more
specific we've got to go look in Athens just notice where we are there's a
linguist notice where we are in Athens it means a juror
okay can it mean a judge yes it's a juror it's also this thing it was very
popular in the ancient world the Avenger the Avenger right that's a
servant of DK that's as Pagan as it gets um the Avenger right great go to the
next one that's what our diecast is what do we get on the Hebrew side H it really
is coming from this verb right it's non specifically judging
or governing now my problem is the Greek already has a verb for one who sits in
judgment as a governor and I think that's what this is probably closest to
and they would have known that if I know that they would have known that in Antiquity yeah their linguists are great
right Classics is the first education yeah love it the museum comes
from it okay so we we're going from the specific to the general um when we go
from the Greek to the Hebrew now remember the story is that it went from
Hebrew to Greek so as you're thinking about these translations realize what the person who
would be translating it into Greek would have to do to ramp up um that technical
expertise right you e you you either can do a triple Lots or you can't and um uh Hebrew was not able to
do the triple Lots okay and it's not the only language there's a ton in Italy all
those dialects that the Romans wiped out linguistically same thing right there
are strong languages and there are weak languages yeah yeah love it now um yeah
here's your Prophet people what else did he say he's going to take from him prophets I just want you to notice okay
this is yeah one who speaks for a God that sounds pretty good I want you to notice how many references there are to
different classical works that use this Greek word Prophet Prophet okay um notice blow it
up notice that uh it's a Herold sure um look at the very bottom look at the very
bottom go to the next [Music] slide what does it say it says
herbalist you mean your Prophet is an herbalist I would have one objection yes
but it's more of in a medical sense so I would say
pharmacologist yeah that's what I would put it you mean your prophets were on dope yes they were yes they
were love it um go to the next one look at the three and four here
people an expounder of the utterances of the Mantis you guys know the Mantis and
the Mantic art you know that that's all through Apollo right you thought the
word Prophet was no it's not Charlton hon right no it's not that's a fantasy
world it's part of the big lie right we're peeling back that big lie tonight
look at three and four you know possessor of oracular powers look at where they're going they're going to the
oracles look it's used of epines he was a cool guy who had tattoos
all over himself and he would carried this Cults hoof and in it he would put
this white root that he would snort yeah yeah they kept his
skin turned it into a book why not go to the next one let's go to the next one AR
people commenting I'm going get people's comments in a minute chewy if there's any good comments throw them up there um
look people what is the prophet on the Hebrew side uh spokesman a
speaker okay but then you're using a Greek term to Define your Hebrew term because you sing Prophet right that's a
greatek term yeah so do you see the depth here I
I asked you before could you name me one Hebrew author from Antiquity outside and
I'm not talking I'm talking BC okay outside of the
septuagenarian is late Iron Age what uh
um aren't we going to have some kind of record are we going to have some kind of
written no you're not because the stuff doesn't exist the oldest inscriptions of
Hebrew people question them as even being Hebrew
right yeah it's not the history that you thought was there it was the history
that was Amplified that you've been fed that you're living in that you're
breathing yes okay go keep going let's give Isaiah another spanking Let's go
people love it while you can while it's hot oh which one
here okay here we go and what is a on this is something um a conjecture I like
that I like that look look where it says um that's pus they're talking about and
is he roughly contemporary yeah he's in the same range where our auor th of the septu
agent are so the the person who really wrote the books of Moses in the third
Century um we're getting closer to their specific lingo and this is one of the
words fantastic what's he gonna do he's gonna take away the people who can come
up with the right plan right he's gonna take that away
it's a resource I told you these are all resources that he's got there it makes much more sense than the
than it does the terrible dumb down Hebrew translation um it's a shame this is a beautiful text go to the next one
here we go what's the what's the word for that they're using for that they're using this one right Kasam and what does
that mean well to practice divination are you kidding me
okay what does that mean that's not a definition it's not a defin it's like a
cat sh allw okay what car are you in well I'm driving
thanks yeah yeah it's very non-specific and that's the problem
because remember Hebrew only has about 8,000 unique words right they didn't they miss basic
words why don't we have them because it got slaughtered as a language it was
only the attempt to bring it back starting in the second century right the
synagogues are still full of Greek right people realized oh we need
some kind of original to take command of this text yeah yeah isn't that something and
so they they wrote it they created it they were already doing it with the Dead Sea
Scrolls right they had the Greek Originals there and they had the Hebrew copies of them okay watch this watch how
the technical language it shows it every time it's the technical language hit me
with the next one are you sure we're that far okay um yeah that uh look at
verse number three who else is Yahoo gonna remove from society look at that
first word on the second line pon
pon what is that sounds important right look at that look at the length of that
people I don't do this always but just just love the length of that first word
on the second line can everybody see that love the look at that how many I'd
like to measure that word I'd like to measure it I would it might cause some
frightening reactions it's gorgeous isn't it pente oh it even
sounds it sounds like I don't know I know it's makes me want to you know put
on some music um sorry I got drawn in and what else is Yahoo gonna take away
he's gonna take away the Pent contar the
what he's going to take away um a specific position what is that thing
let's see let's see chewy Give me the give me the next slide what is that looks like it's got the word five in it
no give me the next one after that this one no there we go that's it that's it look at this people Commander it's a
commander of how many of 50 right 50 look where it's Landing it's
Landing in xenophon and he tells us this is somebody who serves under the treea
horse this is the triarch yeah and what does he do he's
like an admiral yeah he has to outfit a tri
Dre yeah yeah so um this is a very specific once again
Athenian word okay let's see what the Hebrew did with it let's see let's see I'm willing
to bet it's not nearly as specific blow it up yeah put it up there and blow it up this is fantastic oh God what's the
jury say look the captain of 50 so use the number 50 and put the word
for captain in there because you don't have this position right so do you see um for the
Greek to be a translation of the Hebrew the dude would have to be
stoned he would have to be like oh God how can I Jazz this up how can I you
know what I mean so the captain the 50 that's not real that's not real um
inspiring right but it's blunt and to the point it's blunting to the point uh
it's a loss of technicality and and watch as the as you wash out the technicality it becomes nonsense the
translation becomes nonsense and by the way you can do this with any chapter of the septu agent right you might as well
throw a throw a dart at which chapter and whatever you hit try that you it's
full of laughs linguistic laughs oh it's hilarious it's hilariously bad it's all
so sad I feel like playing a violin or something give me the next one give me the next one yeah there's the captain of
the 50 we know we saw that let's go on the next okay and there's our commander
who's serving under the triarch yeah yeah okay keep going what else is he gonna take he's gonna take away the Su
Buon oh now this is fantastic Give me the definition that's coming up what is
a suon watch this people this is going to grow your brain
this is an advisor or counselor okay public or private cool
that's cool look at all the sources around it and you're going to notice Athenian fifth century the
majority the first orders up there the first comedians up
there yeah the first tragedians up there and a bunch of others oh God oh God look
at it as a title at Athens the theseso thi okay the
theseso they're the ones who appointed the sumoy and
this is what Yahoo is g to take from you now who is you the audience of this
are third Century disenfranchised
culturally Jewish religious
[Music] extremists right these are the guys in the caves copying
documents right brilliant move to do so because when you generate the big lie
you take a hold of the narrative it gives you grounding and justification to
do whatever you want to do and that usually involves the seizure
and acquisition of some land some resource
that's how that works yeah now how can I say that
because that's exactly what they do with the language if you look at the language as a resource right that's what this is doing
it's trying to draw down that's what the Hebrew is doing it's trying to draw down
that sophisticated Greek but put it into a vessel that was
incapable of carrying it was too much right burst the
pot okay let's go hit me the next one let's hit it oh yeah here we go um this
is the council fine to advise or to counsel right okay I think that's you
know I think that's acceptable let's give him that one nice job nice job
whoever did this nice job what about this one what' you guys do with the
architecton isn't that a good one look that's big one too everybody in Greek you see the AR sitting in there and the
tech right oh that production production is getting to me
it's from the AR so what how what we how we gonna Define it right stretch your
mind everybody the chief artier artificer excuse me the master
builder the director of works this is a guy who builds your Bridges it says in
Greek it's got Herodotus it's got Aristotle look where are we again
vocabulary wise people where are we again we're hitting Square every time at
the fifth century down to the third we're hitting it Square this is the
exact language that we would expect coming out of the thir Century exactly
uh uh an author a contriver and look at the final one at Athens by the way this is the manager of the State Theater and
of the dionisia Great Festival right he's going to take those away from you and you say
wait a minute where am I culturally Because
unless I am mistaken the people of Israel do not
worship bakas and that's who he's talking about he goes on Pro the prophet
Isaiah goes on to talk about those assemblies that we make those parades
that we make and all the women are there and you got your girls out and they're gossamer clothing and we're all getting
aroused why aren't they in burkas right that's the that's Isaiah 3
it's bakic rights so you have to ask yourself why in a text am I reading
about bakic rights in Judea right oh isn't that something isn't that
something um remember we are sitting in the 3D Century BC and we have been
culturally disenfranchised and a lot of us became Traders and
embraced the Greek ways yeah now they're doing what they're doing totally
integrated right if you are an extremist
you understand the power of the logos that's what they used in
Antiquity those histories that material from the libraries yeah that was the
reality so when somebody comes along and tries to fake a text and say oh this is the
original they're doing it for a very good reason right legitimacy
when you need legitimacy and are willing to sacrifice everything for it you
fabricate now it's an unfortunate reality of History don't think that the
Christians didn't Mount up that wave and ride it all the way in even though
people like africanist julus africanas was saying this text is not written um
in Hebrew you people are nuts and origin's like that's all he could do he just
Shrugged he Shrugged it off what he want me to do right let's ride this thing
it's too bad it's too bad why do we care at satanic initiation because that's not
the history that's not the history the history is this text is Greek
originally yeah yeah and it's got some things in it they're lovely watch this let's go let's go to the next one let's
convert everybody chewy it's the lanes are full of here's your skillful Artisan so I
want you to notice okay they've got a term equated with an artisan who let's
just want you to notice that you get a taste for where the culture is right now
where did they get their word Craftsman oh okay so wait a minute this
is a name it's actually a proper name right um it's not based upon the action
of a Craftsman um has nothing to do with the history of the Craftsman it's it's a
name maybe there were a family of Craftsmen okay so you can see that that
the derivation of that word is kind of questionable questionable at
best right and you'll find that a lot in the Hebrew translation of the septu
agent you'll find that the more you go and do your lexical work you'll find
they don't really know what this word means right and if you only have 8,000
unique words that's a huge problem you mean you got a percentage of those words that um you know we thank we think we
understand but yeah no it's a bad it's a bad place to be so um you know hey
languages just aren't aren't born equal that's the way it is some of them dominate and some of them didn't okay
let's go to the next one isn't it language beautiful though okay what what else are we looking for we're as Jehovah
is going to be taken out of the world world he's going to be taken that
Craftsman he's going to be taking that wise Craftsman and he's also going to be
taking the knowing Acro what is an arrotin next one please next one please
what is he going to be taking he's going to be taking these away now what is this
it's a person who hears are you ready this is really
native Greek right really native Greek um yeah and when I say that I just have
to mention by the way there was a
language discovered in Northern turkey that is descendant from
the Greek of helenistic Greece they still speak it they don't
have anything recorded of it but they still speak it and what's funny it as
I've been telling you modern Greek is nothing is nothing
close okay don't fool yourself um it's not um I worked with modern Greek
students in classics right and they would be the first to
tell you it's a you know it's a whole different ball game yeah um but this
language they just discovered in Northern turkey it is um you know a
sister language to the helenistic Greece uh Greek and they gave a couple of
examples grammatically how it is some uses of infinitives and what not I thought that was nice elegant um and uh
the funny thing was in the article they said and it's jly unrelated to Modern Greek like there's no there's no overlap
whatsoever um I thought that was I thought that was you know um telling I'm
sorry modern modern Greek I'm sorry is a language I'm sorry but that's what
happens when you take a 14-year-old and put her in a habit and put her into a
prison where she's not allowed to bloom that's what happens um linguistically
that's what happens okay let's get back on it speaking linguistic League next one let's go these people want their
values worth I said I was going to ruffle some feathers um look at this what is the word for it um Whispering or
charming Whispering or charming what is that hearer is that really a whisper or
charmer go back to the last one boom look people look at the second line in a
a discip and a pupil right a disciple or a pupil
and my goodness look at Roman numeral number two a reader are you kidding me a
reader okay so this is one of the things they're going to be taking away this is
not something that the Hebrew was able to recognize so the Hebrew used instead
a whispering or a Charming as a noun okay not the same thing definitely
not the same thing go to the next one um we're starting to degrade here now watch it's going to get worse look at and I'll
hurry up here because I know oh we've got 10 minutes um my
people my people what the prores are taking everything from you
the proas are taking everything from it yes and what's worse is the aun
these are the people who are ruling you says Isaiah now what are what's a
what is it who are prores let's see let's see yeah who are prores right um
they officials who execute a judgment for debt okay again highly specific
word this is a a societal position a
Civic position if you will right somebody who's coming to collect a debt right looks like taxes
are also involved okay give me the next one um wh go back to that one how does
the Hebrew handle this um okay as for my
people their oppressors our children wait are we is
this the same line yes it's the same line and women rule over them wait a minute that wasn't any of the Greek
what's happening here there's going to be no word for this position because
there wasn't that position when Hebrew was around to be able to assimilate it
so they didn't have it so what do you use you use something general like oppressor
oppressor well okay where are you getting the children go back to the Greek verse where are they getting the
children you know my people the those who control the retrieval of debts
they're going to be all over you and who are going to rule over you the
ayunes give me the next one boom yeah here we go what what is it to
aai it's to demand something back right to to to get something to be returned
eared right okay um look at it in the passive I think this is neat to be
demanded in payment to be demanded in payment okay
so these are people who the people not only are they going to come to collect their
debts right that you've got with them but they are also going to show up and be all
mouthy yeah yeah oh my goodness this is terrible
news right let's see um I still don't see the Hebrew was way off what's the Hebrew and it said oh these are the
people okay the mouthy are these people
women how is a translator remember now the story is in this letter of aristeus
that Yahoo blessed this event of translating from the Hebrew to the Greek
so for some reason when they went from from the Hebrew woman yeah they got to an
oppressor who comes and takes away your furniture while yelling at
you okay um this is not a good translation you cannot go from a lower
level of technical expertise linguistically to a higher you can't do
it yeah you can only reach the equivalent or
less and if you don't have a highly technical language you aren't going up that ladder you only have 8,000 words
Hebrew you had your guts beaten Out of You by ancient Greek man that dominated
the world don't worry they they even went over and gave it to those UT dwelling
Romans oh God you know what Marcus aelius red he read Greek he wrote in
Greek and he was the Roman Emperor why would he do
that because number one he was on drugs and the drugs were making him
smarter and the creek was a necessary component it was a catalyst that just
made the whole reaction take off yeah oh God bunch of druggies it's
amazing history I love it I love it but you know nobody wants to see the dirty stuff
you do my congregation okay look Gnostic is like hurry hurry up all right let's
go um look verse 13 yeah okay now look here I just wanted to show you something
that's colloquial and that it's colloquial in Greek not in Hebrew so um
verse 13 says and now the cuos is established a
judgment he brought a judgment upon the people okay and it's using a verb
cath right which is based upon the concept of standing but it's been
augmented by the cth to become establish to
ground right to ready something yeah and this is what the what
the Hebrew do with that oh it's terrible this this is a Slaughter turn away for those of you who have weak linguistic
stomachs blow it blow it up blow it up he stands up oh God there's Yahoo now
look at Yahoo you can't tell that it's written that way could be Yahoo too okay
so don't get mad at me when I say Yahoo thank
you and by the way they use different ways to translate for for Yahweh
right Hashim right they use different ways of Translating that from one Greek term so
why why would they do that thing because they're composing it in the thir century and they're trying to split they're
trying to create their own identity right you can't just list what
the it's looks like Greek they probably said as they were trying to figure it out they probably draft one they were
like no way that is way too transparently Greek
right love it LOL amond is the man I love that thank you that was a good one
don't put any of the bad ones up no all right unless I'm going to hell let's go
to one more uh uh keep going down where wherever we were from last time
yeah are we on the right okay um yeah the SC he's going to take this away too
oh we got to go back up we missed a couple here hang on people I'm sorry I apologize I have messed up my order here
okay there we go what was the translation of that passage the translation is the Lord stands
up no it's a Greek idiom um establishing Justice right is to um rule yeah is to
bring that authority to literally establish that Authority so there's no
um there's no standing up there's there's no actual standing up yeah um otherwise the Greeks wouldn't use that
idiom right they could just say that the Lord stood up right what you can see is
the attempt of the rabbis to draw down the more sophisticated or
complex um Greek into the limited capacity Hebrew um unfortunate it's an
unfortunate e linguistic exercise let's go to that one good look at this people verse 17 and God watch this yeah yeah
God's going to do what he's he's going to humiliate those Daughters of Zion who
rule wait what what who's ruling who are these
women I'm starting to like this a little bit better and Kio
apocal and the lord they're may put Yahweh there they may not it's whatever
the particular circumstances were Kus and the cus did what he's gonna do what
he's G he's going to apocalypse he's goingon to reveal what's he gonna reveal
he's going to reveal their scha he's going to reveal the schema of
these Daughters of Zion who are ruling and you say what is this
scha what is he going a reveal of theirs now watch this it gets dirty it's the
Hebrew that makes it dirty not me go ahead what is a schma in Greek it's a
form it's a form of something right a shape they have look at be it's an atom
yeah it's the appearance of something as opposed to the reality the appearance of something and
then look down at B it's the dress or equipment do you know what he's going to do he's going to take away all that fine
dress and Equipment of those ruling women now let's see what the Hebrew
let's see what the Hebrew made of that do we get it through the message come
through here we go are you ready what therefore he will strike with a
scab now I I know that that first part of the Hebrew there is just the word and
I don't know where they're pulling the therefore out of there if you can even do that with with W I don't know yeah
but they okay wait so look they used adoni
here so they really don't know how to use that uh Greek word properly and
they're cramming all of these Gods into it okay just wait just wait maybe they
felt good because of Adonis I don't know but the the Lord is going to strike with
a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of oh there he is
Yahoo right and what is he gonna do look at the second line he's gonna uncover
their secret Parts dirty that's what is going on in the
mind of that author because that's not from the Greek my goodness close your eyes chewy
the Bible is dirty it's dirty stuff and first of all why would he do that like
seriously right um the Greek makes sense it says he's going to take away their
kit their dress their Jewels he's going to take all of that away it's nothing about
their private parts is in there right now if this is as they want you to
believe as seminaries would have you believe as religious training would have
you believe in whichever the monotheist religions you want that don't worship
the Gods like the rest of us right um they're going to have um
this as a background they're telling you the Hebrew is being transl is being
translated by the Greek the Greek is the new copy right that's the original
language now somehow if that says in Hebrew but the private parts of these
women who are ruling right he's going to uncover that um the translator had to go
from private parts to schema which has nothing to do with private parts so
either it's a bad translation and Yahoo was bad because remember Yahoo blessed
this thing and um it was magically turned out to be everybody wrote the same translation of these 72 guys right
so either he's a bad translator or more realistically the language is just
incapable of conveying um the original Greek that's just the way it is watch
it's going to get watch these technical terms I'm going to throw you give me the next one yeah um yeah and so what is the what
is your English translation for so for everybody sitting in synagogue or church sitting there and you're reading through
blah blah blah therefore the Lord will Smite with a scab on the crown of the head that's not there the daughters of
Zion you'll be like oh that's a nasty thing to do right and the Lord will discover their secret Parts Look it's
even discover because you can tell the King James or whoever it was that
translated this was a little bit uncomfortable with the whole private parts business right where is the chorus
where is the chorus of my sisters of frustration where are you I can't hear
you I need to hear your shouts of ecy y whenever we come across it gets my goat
that we don't hear your shouts of ecstasy CU that's what we're whoops here
I that's hello Penelope you got my goat everybody say hi to Penelope I don't
care if you dislike this portion of the show I want you to focus on that cross I
want you to look at that cross I want you to see it I want you to
see what it's covering that cross covers a whole multitude of
Penelope sin okay enough thank you Penelope good
night all right it's wonderful to have her give me the we can't be that far up are we Gnostic is gonna fall asleep keep
going give me the next couple give me okay look I wanted you to see this um I'm gonna cut short the rest of it I'm
just going to show you with this passage for example this is Verse 18 so this is Isaiah
3:18 yeah um in that day it says the
Lord is going to take away the glory of the htis and long story short that is the
way that one dresses right and what else is he going to take away to
Cosmos um you refer the cosmos as the woman's makeup kit yeah yeah so it can
include jewelry it's not just the drugs that they're putting on their faces
right skin drugs all sorts of drugs all over the place right including those
drugs that control reproduction right even those you put
those in there right this is you know this is your life's Pharmacy kit um
that's the cosmos it's that order that order and so this is what he's going to
fight against he's going to take away your hair dues right he's going to take away your hair nets and long story short
none of these terms are captured U give me the next one we have a it's terrible
the translation gets terrible and I just want to jump oh these are all Athenian
too I want you to realize these are all Athenian terms again placing the
language squarely fifth fourth thir centuries good good good give me that
I'm going to fly watch this um these are just things that are there that it's hard for us to be able to capture um and
they have to do with uh this little here I'm going to jump ahead to is it this
one look at this did I did I totally overdo it or what um what else is what
else is the Lord here's the punch line people what else is the Lord going to
take away he's going to take away the per porur the pett porur yeah and what else
is the Lord going to take away the Lord's going to take away
tesur are you kidding um these are terms um Everybody saw this is the first term
that comes up in the library the end of that word p porur that's the first word
of The Great herculanum Library for the future historians The Great herculanum
Library the very first word that comes out is that purple right and we've got it here in
the text not only that we we going to attack something else on the front of it meso the mesop porur and tell me what is
the Hebrew translate those as blow it up what does the Hebrew translate those as
the Rings and The Jewels with the word nose tagged on wait the Rings and the nose
Jewels are you kidding me are you kidding
me do you see what happened in there they just that's a guess bro whoever
made that translation was downright guessing now here's the problem the
Greek actually matches with the whole context because he's attacking these
women right who are priestesses and he's attacking their validity and he's going
to take away all of their wardrobe
yeah yeah uhhuh nice gorgeous and that purple is
part of it you know what those purple words are they're different terms for
using that gorgeous material stained with the
purple oh God he's going to take that away but no the Hebrew comes along and
says no you must be rings and nose Jewels because everybody
knows you need the Rings and the nose Jewels yeah why did they do that that's
I'll never know that'll be that's a mystery of our history right there right
there they didn't want the purple they wanted jewels okay okay so you can see people
that um the story The Narrative of this being translated um into Greek from the Hebrew
is completely made up you would have to be completely stoned and just in venting
things to make I don't know the story better wow wow okay let's go I'm gonna
pull one out this is the last one Neil and I'm coming I'm coming are you ready for this this is um boom I was going to
take you all through the purple but instead I'm going to end with this one
um no this is more the same this is now darn it um there we are here take down
the and initiating people I love this oh I get so excited I'm about to burst are you ready look at it verse 22
Kai oh isn't that isn't that gorgeous isn't that gorgeous laon you see that
word before the letter before the end of the verse um Capital Lambda on the front
of it um those those of you who recognize the Greek now will see that that's laconian wait what does it say it
says that cios is going to take from you those things remember we're talking
about their wardrobe those things that you put on it's your home in your
privacy and what are those things one of them is a
laconian seethrough a diaphanous laconian
night gown that's what curios is g to take
from you now wait a minute you mean in the Bible it refers to the
Spartans yeah it does because remember this is being written in the 3
Century right there's nothing novel about the laconians then yeah oh
wow wow why is Isaiah who supposedly is
way back why is centuries earlier why is he writing about the
laconians that's interesting let's see what the Hebrew does with it because now this is a problem this is a problem this
is not only a linguistic problem because you can't represent that in Hebrew but um it looks bad culturally a lot of the
changes that are made from the original Greek the septu agent to the Hebrew have
to do with control of content that's what people always want
when they rewrite they want control of content and you guys know how it works
where we worship The Muse nobody controls content you don't make your
soup here this is a pure stream you're all
gone yeah oh God love that what does the Hebrew do with the laconian let's just
show this because I know Neil's going to love this open it up open it up um okay
what the fesal apparel and the mantels and the outer garments and the
purses wait what were we looking for chewy there was something big there there there was laconians there's
Spartans where' the Spartans go they cut out the Spartans they cut out the Spartans
okay now what they would have you believe is
that you don't have
Spartans but the translation does because God is
perfect yeah yeah I don't know looks like God could have gotten better
linguists to be honest yeah
that's terrible that's terrible you guys blew it you those I'm talking you know
who I'm talking to I'm talking to the goofballs who started to came up with
the idea of writing this fake letter of aristas and saying look this great
person asked the king and the King was like yes I need a
translation yes no they didn't they didn't care right
now the person who came up with that load the load of the history of septan
because what that did was that load compelled Christianity
forward it established a legitimacy that was strong enough to dissolve classical
wisdom yeah it's like a some kind of acid ate right through
it yeah what you're watching is the
monad take out everybody else because that's what it does that's what
monotheism does it doesn't matter what color or taste or variety it is
monotheism kills classical civilization the civilization that
brought you democracy and the scientific method that Civilization
Christianity Judaism Islam and that stuff they worshiped around
aanat that stuff kills classical wisdom yes it does it does so um when
the libraries start getting burned that's when you know your temperature is too high and your proportion of radicals
is way too high right every 150 years just to bring in just the
present for a second every 150 years says Tom someone is going to try to pull down
the government the established government yeah yeah and who is it
typically I had somebody ask me this week can't you combine Christianity to
include everyone can't you combine Christianity and the Abra abrahamic faiths can't you combine those to
welcome them Julian Who We Now call Julian the
apostate Julian the last Pagan
Emperor said they're going to do it again they're going to burn us down just
like they did in the first yeah just like they
did it's the mission of monotheism to dominate and
Destroy it's the mission how's it coming the Watchers are watching by the way did
you see we had Giants and we didn't have Nephilim flying around right no those are just prominent people thank you for
coming tonight I am going to now give you an added bonus I am going to hand
over the stage to gnostic informant and before Gnostic informant starts
speaking I just want to let you know that um his Source workor has been
absolutely dazzling yeah and I told them I told them Neil I told them that you uh
purchased and are using all of the loes yeah and you are eating up you're trying
to consume like some kind of artificial intelligence or something you're like trying to consume everything so you have
a great you have a great offering right now and it's about some stuff that I
don't know and I'm gonna have to listen to your Authority okay yeah man thanks
for having me go for it thanks for having me on dude and uh um that was some interesting stuff that I've just
now hearing about the linguistic side to this because I don't have no I don't know anything about the Linguistics I
have no uh I I I don't have the knowledge of
linguistics to be able to say who's translating from what but those are some [__] slam dunk points that I just
heard right there so I'm gonna have to look into all that that's amazing I want to look at the Historical
side of this where's the evidence of a big
literary um era of all these prophets and writers and scribes and like we we
have prophets writing these long texts that are you know about all these prophecies and events that are happening
and politics and all this so you would expect if you're writing these who you're writing to an audience right
you're writing to somebody you're not just writing to nobody so you would expect people citing these Texs you
would expect there to be like a chain of reactions to these TXS people talking back and forth something anything well
we don't get that so let me just say this I'm going to start with what is what are other people saying about the
origins of Israel and the last time I was here we had on um we were we ended up on we're
talking about tac's story about the history of the Hebrews and it was it's a
it's a story that's only in a couple of sources I think Plutarch talks about it Mano and then hecas
vder his story seems to line up with this story it's a alternate account and
I looked into some of this stuff and see is does this hold any water so let's I'm going to pull up a source from
lobe I love this website too this is such this is amazing stuff let me see it let me make sure this is big enough for
everybody how's that there we go um actually let me back that up one there
we go all right so tacitus is telling this story in the early 2nd Century
about who are these Jews we don't really know much about this is you know they're kind of they're kind of late on the
scene as far as uh ancient civilizations go as far as the Egyptians the Greeks
Punic Phoenicians carthaginians we all know those people there they're in every text we could find hundreds of people
mentioning Carthage people mentioning Phoenicians people mentioning the Egyptians people mentioning the ionians
people mentioning the blasians people mentioning the cians they're all over the place in these sources but nobody
ever mentions the Jews until well okay there's a couple of
rocks that people have found that mention certain Kings like omry very very little bit like little
citystate so the evidence looks like there's a little citystate kingdom going on in Jerusalem and in jezrael other
than that no one's writing about these people so what so what's going on here so let's read this what read this story
and I'm just going to go I got a lot of things that I want to go through but it's all going to come back to what I'm almost saying all right so he says at
the beginning of this of the same year Titus Caesar who had selected by his father to complete the sub subjugation
Judea he's basically saying like we just subjugated this this place Judea um
let's let's go through the history so he says uh so this is what he
says it is said that the Jews were originally Exiles from the island of cre who settled in the farthest parts of
Libya at the time when Saturn had been deposed and expelled by Joe an argument
for this is derived in the name there is a famous mountain in Creek called Ida hence the inhabitants were called idea
which is L lengthened in the barbarous form udah all right uh some hold that the
reign of Isis is superflous the population of Egypt under the leadership of
hosis which is in Greek means holy minded It's a a name in Greek it's interesting you never hear about that
like where what's what does Jerusalem mean well here's one atmology given by tesus it's a named after a king named
here slimus and UDA discharged itself on the neighboring lands and many others
you gotta you got to think where is he getting this from is would he make is this something someone just make up just
keep that in the back of your mind all right still others report that they were Assyrian refugees landless people who
first got control of a part of Egypt possibly maybe a little bit of both maybe the so I when I read this my I'm
thinking the evidence shows the Philistines have there's evidence that the Philistines did come from
CRE and this the Assyrian refugees thing sort of matches up with these people
coming together in this area called Canaan so I'm going to keep continue
with this part this is this is where it gets crazy most authors agree that once
during a plague in Egypt which caused bodily disfigurement King bakaras approached the Oracle of Ammon
I'm gonna get to who this is in a minute just give me a second king bakus approached the Oracle of
Ammon ask for a remedy whereupon he was told wait am I still on the same page
okay good ask for a remedy where he was told to purge his kingdom and transport
this race into other lands since it was hateful to the gods so the Hebrews were searched out and gathered together
then being abandoned in the desert while all others lay idle and weeping one only of the Exiles Moses by
name warned them not to hope for help from the gods or men for they were
deserted by both but the trust to themselves regarding as a guide Sent
From Heaven the one whose assistance should first give them escape from their
present distress so he's basically saying um he's basically saying whatever the
sign whatever sign we get from Heaven that's going to be our God that's what we're gonna that's gonna we're gonna
look for a sign from Heaven to find a new go a new God because the Egyptian Almon does not like us they agreed and
they set out on their journey in utter ignorance but trusting to chance nothing caused them so much distress as scarcity
of water and in fact they had already fallen EX exhausted over the plain nigh
unto death when a herd of wild asses moved from their pasturage to a rock
that was shaded by a Grove of trees Moses followed them and conjecturing the
truth from the grassy ground discovered abundant streams of water this relieved
them and they marched six days continuously on the seventh seized a country expelling the former inhabitants
and there they founded a Temple dedicated a temple so to establish his influence over his
people Moses introduced a new religious practices quite opposed to those of all other religions the Jews regard as
profane all that we hold sacred on the other hand they permit all that we abore
they dedicated in a shrine a statue of that creature whose guidance enabled
them to put an end to their waterings and thirst a statue of a donkey
sacrificing a ram in D of Ammon they likewise abstain from the
ox because the Egyptians worship all right that's a little story he gives there's more on this too but I'm not
gonna keep keep going I just wanted to show that part he gives this alternate origin story that
doesn't it sounds like an exodus a little bit you got Moses you got them wandering in the desert but there's a
lot of different things happening here and we have a name of the Pharaoh now we didn't get the name of the Pharaoh in
the Bible they don't say they they never say people say ramsy doesn't say ramies ever there's no name it just says
Pharaoh so in this text we actually get a name so if we look at who is
bakaras here he is bachan reth also known in Greek as bakaras he's from the
24th Dynasty all right well how do we know that how do I'm just to I mean we
can just trust Wikipedia But I want to show you how we know that so I'm going to go to alien or no man let's go to
mano Mano mentions this bakus the 24th Dynasty reigned for 44 years and in his
Reign a lamb spoke what turns out that this was like
some sort of event that happened where a lamb told the Egyptians that they would
be conquered by the Assyrians and then okay who hases anyone else corroborate this evidence alien talks about this too
this is another the Roman writer here's writing in Greek as you can see the Egyptians assert that they are far from
convincing me they assert that I say in the days of the far Fame bachus a lamb was born with eight feet and two tails
and that it spoke they say that the lamb had two heads and four horns
what so wait a minute now we're looking at where does all this all these
Prophecies of all these animals with multiple heads and horns giving telling the the people they're going to be
sacked and taken over by the Babylonians and Assyrians well here's a here's another here's another H source for that
but here's the problem with this King bakus as I've shown you King
bakaras is is this is only in the e8th century BC this is not Bronze Age 18th Dynasty
that we're talking about this is we're almost almost in The Classical
period I mean we're we're this is we're getting towards the Persian period now we're getting towards the Greek
helenistic period so this is what this this is who this king is all right let's
continue let's let's see what else we got um so I want to go to Herodotus real
quick I want to talk about the alphabet for a second Herodotus
says that this is
the this one the uh the
Phoenicians so okay Herodotus Herodotus mentions in in his uh in his Persian
Wars that the uh alphabet comes from the Phoenicians but he says something
interesting about I think I don't think I even have the source here it's in the I'm the wrong page um I could put I could look it up
alphabet here it is he says the Phoenicians who came with
Cadmus by the way Cadmus was the King of Thieves he is a Phoenician by descent
but he's living up in thieves in Greece and it says at their settlement in this country among many others of learning
brought into H us the alphabet which had hitherto been unknown as I think to the Greeks and presently
as the time went on the sound in the form of the letters changed at this time the Greeks that dwelt around them from
from most parts were ionians all right who have been taught the letters by the Phoenicians and used
them with some few changes in form this is I'm G show you some crazy [__] right here ready um thus the
ionians have from ancient times called Papyrus sheet skins but formerly lack
Papyrus they use the skins of sheep goats uh let me see where's the part that I here it is I myself have seen
cian characters in the temple of ish of isian
Apollo so he's saying that the oldest alphabet that ever existed is up in the
temple of Apollo in boia which is near Athens Graven on a certain tripods and
for the most part like the ionian characters that's really strange now
this this because the the the idea of Phoenicians making an alphabet and then
giving it to the Greeks it's a little more it's not as black and white as people think it is there's some there's
more going on here and Herodotus kind of gives a little clue on this so let's look at this right all right I want to
show I want to show you guys something this is this is going to be cool I promise I'm going to share a different
screen for a second um this right
here here we go what I'm about to show you is
called it is called the dispill tablet you see
this this is a ancient tablet it's a
mystery right now they was discovered like 30 years ago in Macedonia which is
where the pans used to live thce Macedonia thesy that's palasan land oh
and and also in Turkey where Troy is modern day Turkey you know um that's
that's where the palasan are from that whole region that's all palasan that's
the palasan so right in the heart of the palasan land is this thing that they
discovered it's like what the [__] what is this now if you look that looks like an AA
that looks like a dollet down there looks like you got now this one blew my
mind because this looks like it could be either a dma which is an ancient form of
a d of a w sound but it also looks like an Omega which is the it looks like it
you can see like all I'm saying is looking at these characters you can almost imagine an older descendant of
what becomes both the Greek and Phoenician alphabets all right let's continue on this how much um evidence do
I have right let's what do we got here so I'm going to share my screen again
and this time I'm G to share well I'll just go to the same
um let's go to this page again all right sharing my
screen all right so this let's just let's look into this tablet what is this thing this is what the uh
all right um we'll get him back here just a second here we I I hate when that
happens when you click on something and it gives you the wrong screen I hate when that all right here we go I'm brought I brought it back up all right
so let's go to all right now this time it would shouldn't do that again so I I
want to look into this now this is what the this is what the article says a apparently now there's been no academic
articles written on this tablet yet it's a mystery people are starting to figure out what the hell is this thing because
this is gonna if this really is all right let me let's just talk about it first apparently this wooden tablet
bearing what looks like an early form of an alphabet carbon dates they did carbon
dating on it because it's wood so they can carbon date it 5,000 BC right now it doesn't necessarily mean
the writing is the 5,000 BC someone could incription but so far that's all we
know the the carbon dating came back it's from 5000 BC it's discovered 1993
and the but here's the here's the here's the crazy part that I this is why I wanted to bring this up this is the
crazy [__] right here it's discover the place they found it in was a Neolithic
Village which means like like wrap your head around this like I'm you got I'm
you have to understand what I'm saying here the village that they uncovered very very far underground is all
Neolithic stuff the pottery the town the building everything and then this is
there how did that get there and it's carbon dating matches too every it's all
it fits with the Neolithic except for the writing on it which is like what the [__] is going why
is there it looks like kind of like a Greek form of alphabet in a Neolithic
Foundation put that screen up if you if you don't mind just want to sh I just want to show
um so okay University the tablet discover is announced at a symposium in
February 1994 at the University of thessalonica um the site's paleo
environment boty fishing techniques tools and Ceramics were described informally in a me okay that's that's
that's something uh all right so basically I just all we know so far is
they dug up this Neolithic place and this is this is work being
done by the Aristotle's University at thessalonica and there there right now someone's writing there's apparently I
looked into it there is being there's articles being there's academic articles being written on this thing that might
change the the consensus on the alphabet I'm not kidding I WR look look this up for yourself please look this up don't
listen to me but there are people saying that the articles being written about
this tablet is going to change the academic consensus on the on the invention of the alphabet now let me
continue with this um I want to show because let's the the first question
should be does the evidence is there any other evidence for anything like this is this just by itself right I want to give
you some I want to give you I'm GNA give you an example of something that's by itself that makes that doesn't fit the
mereta Stelly doesn't fit at all with any of the evidence but it's accepted because there's a Dogma in mainstream
Academia that wants Israel to be like real it's like they want the fairy tale
to be real hold that thought put a little side note on that let's go but here's the thing it turns out that
they're actually is
a and another asteroid sorry about that this is getting exciting man I'm I'm
about to lose it look I did song and dance I song dance okay you're on go all
right all right here we go so here's here's What's called the Trojan
script so it turns out there actually is some other basis of what this means okay the
troan script is look at this it almost
obviously it's not Greek but you look at it you look at the characters and don't got you don't got to use your
imagination too hard and you're like okay there's some it's not like
hieroglyphics it's it's very syllabic it's very uh you know so okay so let's
talk about this what what's going on here Phil Phil uh Phil um philus philus
I I think that's the same as um as philologist probably uh attempted to transliterate the science as
Greek Professor hog attempted to translate it the seal he claims that the words are TA ego POG believe this meant
Divine Sego so Scholars are already guessing this is some protog Greek stuff
going on here right and by the way people are shutting trying to shut this [__]
down AO like the the the mainstream consensus is like no way no way no way
no way no way no way but some of these some of these philologists are saying
what else can it be and so there's A's a huge debate going on about this I'm not going to sit here and say it's GRE
but that's what people are saying in 1994 Lewis Dr Lewis goer published the
inscriptions he identified the script as linear a which is we know is protog Greek he's saying it's at least and I
looked into it it's at least part of this family of what me and Amon would call the palasan alphabet Pro pre-
alphabets like they're similar are they all linear a and then you see look at Linear B like are they is one is l b
come from linear a I don't really know I'm not I can't tell you on that but there's like a lot of stuff being written about this stuff and it's not
the picture is not there yet there still is so much work needs to be done all right so considers as highly see
obviously you can see people there's no way highly unlikely so people are not
liking this at all here but here's the thing what does it date to that's that's what I want to know the archaeological
analysis the inscriptions of the Trojan script date to the third Cent third millennium
BCE 2,200 what this is over a thousand years
before The The Phoenician alphabet now it's possible that this
form of script could have some influence on I'm thinking could have I'm I'm
thinking if it's the Phoenicians I don't I don't really care if it's the Phoenicians Cadmus really invented the
alphabet but whatever the story is I don't really care I'm looking at the evidence and I'm saying there this looks
like there could be some precedent here for the alphabet coming from this part of the world okay all right the next
thing I want to do now I'm gonna be careful not to kick myself off again I promise so let's see what else do we got
I want to show something real quick the Beretta stelli make sure I'm not gonna get kicked off okay good Beretta Stell this
this is the weirdest [__] ever so as as we've already disc discussed at length
the nobody is talking about Israel until the helenistic era Persian period
helenistic per it's just not really in in the sources at barely so the it's
like is there a kingdom there is there a is it a nation is it a city state what's going on here so this is the consensus
in Bible scholar world that this is the oldest inscription of Israel and it's
like this is everyone just accepts this straight up and it's there's actually it doesn't fit with the with the with
the data like there are no other inscriptions anywhere in all the
Egyptian hieroglyphs of mentioning the word Israel in fact the word Israel doesn't
even show up in Egyptian hieroglyphics it only shows up in the later htic
demonic scripts that come after King bakaras by the way after 700 BC so
before that when it was during the age of the hieroglyphs you never ever the word Israel just not in there so they
find this random Mell and the story behind it is so funny so I got to read
this first of all let me show you what it says apparently the translation is the princes are are prostrate peace no
one raises his head among the nine bows desolation is for J jeenu hati is
pacified plundered is the Canan with every evil wait we already have Canan in
here I thought I thought Bible scholar says Canan in Israel are synonymous
that's weird why would Israel and Canaan both be in here right but okay what does it
actually say though if you actually look at the hieroglyphs it doesn't say Israel it says
yes I mean why why is they assuming this is Israel I have no idea no clue why the
people just assume this is Israel why why can't it be Syria in fact why some
people have said you look down here there's three citations here and I know there there's actually more than that if
you look into it but Wikipedia gives three citations of Scholars who say that
this is jezrael this isn't Israel this is jezrael Israel didn't exist yet some
people say it being wearers of the selck but the bottom line is this it doesn't say Israel it says
yes and they just assume it's Israel but here's the funny part um when when you
find something like this and it's it's and it's a complete needle and a hay stack as far
as the evidence goes like if if there was a bunch of other inscriptions from this time period that mention Israel I
would have no reason to doubt this but the fact that it's just sitting by itself and then the next the next time
in the sources Israel was mentioned is all the way all the way down in the 800s
BC or some 8th Century BC or something so we're talking 500e Gap from the first
time Israel's mentioned to the second time it's mentioned ever in the sources or um that just doesn't that should be a
red flag but I just you got to hear this story so here's the story this is this is referenced
from this is referen from a journal article from drawer in 1995 called
flinder's Petry a life in archaeology I you should read this yourself it's it's from the University of Wisconsin press
this is what he he reports it's almost like a transcript of what happened when they found this and it says Petri called
upon willlam Spielberg a German philologist in his archaeological team
to translate the inscription by the way these people were looking for Israel they Wen they went
out to find Israel in Egyptian sources they weren't like looking for something
else that stumbled on this their goal was to find Israel in the sources why
because Copenhagen International people who writes I I'll I'll talk about
Copenhagen International they're called biblical minim minimalist it's a whole entire academic group completely at odds
with the sbl types um the seminarian types they're and they they're all just saying the whole Bible is just fairy
tale doesn't match up with the history at all so these people started to really they were starting to really win in
these debate circles as far as the evidence as far as they were they're showing look there's Persian loan words
there's helenistic loan words these texts are written later that's what these people have been saying this for a
hundred years this is not new alon's not bringing anything new here neither am I
this has been being discussed for a hundred years now you just don't hear about it a lot but you can look into it
look into the Copenhagen International Bible Society you'll see a lot of [__] that we're saying right now so anyways
the the point is they're starting to win in in in these academic debates so now
people need to find a we need to find evidence so we can clap back at these people so here's the
story spelberg was puzzled by one symbol towards the end that a people or a tribe
whom mpta had victoriously smitten i s i e Sr
R huh pet quickly suggests that it reads Israel it's Israel just assumes it
spiegelberg agreed that this translation must be correct won't the Reverend be
pleased won't the Reverend be pleased I'm Gonna Be Rich I'm Gonna Be Rich
remarked Petri at the dinner that evening Petri who realized the importance of this find says this Stelly
will be better known in the world than anything else I have found the news of
dis discovery made headlines when it reached English papers now let's just be
these are common sense now you have incentives to go and find this [__] and
look how they just find something close enough it's in the it's in the general
location ignore that canan's already on that list just don't tell anybody about that part but it's Israel is is it's
Israel yes it must be won't the Reverend be pleased probably got rich off that Rich
for the rest of their that the that was the greatest discovery that person will ever make they had every incentive so
I'm just saying look maybe it is Israel I'm keeping an open mind here but I'm
just saying why is it accepted so people who there's Scholars right now I'm not
going to call out names anymore I'm not going to do that I we did that a few times but you guys know who I'm talking about who are winning awards from the S
winning the greatest if you're the greatest scholar of the year award
people who are just literally going on Tik Tok telling people that this is real and this scholarly consensus is 100%
agrees that this is real which is not true there is a bunch of debate about the Manelli it's not accepted by every
scholar in fact I think the evidence shows that this was kind of like [__] all right so I want to
talk about one more thing and then I'm done that's that's what I wanted to I wanted to talk about that alphabet but
the next thing I want to discuss real quick is um this is this is a big one so
let me I'm going to share my screen one more time I promise I won't get kicked off this time so that was really bad all
right this is GNA be crazy so you you always hear this the helenistic period right what's the helenistic period the
helenistic period is from the time Alexander the Great conquered the East so 3:33 3:32 or whatever till the time of
Rome all right so you you get this Dogma in in academics and Bible scholar world
where there it's impossible that any Greek influence could happen on anything before the helenistic period the Greeks
were nobody's before the helenistic period that is [__] and the evidence proves this so I got a couple sources
I'm almost done I promised but this this will be cool you'll like this so I'm going back to my uh screen
again and uh see this coin right here that's
Yao as you can see y alif v it's not
four letters it's three letters from the fourth Century
BC and guess what it's from the Persian period but it's obvious and and by the
way every scholar who who's identified this coin says it's influenced by helenistic
imagery of Zeus holding the eagle that is an image of Zeus there is no other
you can't say that's Aura Mazda you can't say that's some Indian guy no look this up
for yourself don't listen to me that is Zeus in the being called Yahweh that
means Hellenism was in Hellenism not the in the sense of the of the ageism in the of
Greek like was already influencing the East way before Alexander the Great Well
I wouldn't say way before but a century before at least this coin proves this and by the way there's more look here's
another one that's Yahweh let's Zeus but it says Yahweh on
it it's Persian period coin here's another one that's clearly Zeus with his
Eagle totally Jupiter Zeus whatever you want to call him that's this is a Persian period coin and it says Yahweh
on it okay now there's actually there's what
so what's going on here how are the Greeks influencing the East if they're not ruling Babylon that's that's what a
Bible scholar would say and cl to clap back at me and I'll just say well you don't know the sources then because
Herodotus tells us all about what's going by the way uh diodorus of Sicily
mentions that yaho is the god of Moses and he spells it why I AO and he says
that this is like some synchronistic synchronistic God of the like basically
it's like all these Gods rolled into one macrobius mentions this too so people know about yaho in fact cheli and Oracle
say it's the name of bakus and I've showed you guys that before that's a whole I didn't bring that with me but I want to show
something about Herodotus and then Alexander the Great and then I'm done itus actually discusses something
in um this one right here so Herodotus
says where is it here we go this is cool now Herodotus
is way before Alexander the Great he says that when the Persians
came to sirene the country of sirene which is the highest part of Libya which
the nomads inhabit has The Marvelous Boon of three Harvest Seasons he talks about them for a little bit so who are
the sirines right I'm just going to show share another screen real quick um I had to show you guys this sirene all right
so Bara Bara is this ancient city right and
uh it's it's a Greek city uh say like you look at the history Barco appears to be a a Libyan tribe by
the way this is where medo is from too uh the Greek Settlers of sirene colonized it it shows that the Greeks
were there all the way back in 7th Century BC her's place is the foundation of the city all right whatever so
there's all this other there's all this stuff about this helenistic city look at there's Ammon right there so you can see
there's obvious helenistic Greek influence that's from 475 BC during the
augmented period Persian period guys why is there Greek gods on Persian period
stuff because the Greeks are influencing [__] way before Alexander the Great people these These are people who are
very influential Plato Aristotle Socrates phes people these are Brilliant
Minds so the reason why I brought this up because I have one more thing I want to show
you during the Persian period according to
Herodotus he says Herodotus says
that the Persians well I'll just tell you it's in here he says that it's it's in book
um book four or book yeah book four he says the Persians went to this
Greek city took all the Greeks out of there and and ionians too so he set took
ionians Persians are conquering Ionia and Egypt they they to conquer Greece
and they lost everyone knows this famous battle between the Persians and the Greeks there's a few battles but they
they did conquer the Egyptians and they conquered the ionians all these people
who are hen already influenced by the Greeks he says that they sent them all
to Greco bactria Now where's that this is my last thing I want to show you guys
this is just like tying it all together so batia if we look at the ented period
right see all the way over here all the way on the top left you see
my mouse I don't know if you can see my mouse but all the way up here where it says Saka Sania
batia so it turns out if you could check you fact check me on this these were
Greek cities before Alexander the Great even got there because per the Cyrus
relocated Greeks from Ionia and sirene and set them up in these cities all the
way in modern day Afghanistan so before Alex when Alexander the Great got to baa there was
already Greek cities there and that's why they call him a liberator he was liberated it's there's actually a lot of
people will say oh they only call him a liberator because the Victor's writing the history now that could be true in
some cases but in this case it's not in this case Alexander the Great was seen as a liberator when he came to bactria
and came to these cities they were like finally the Greeks are here great and
the he built Alexandria the farthest which is all the way in modern day Afghanistan it actually was the last
helenistic city in the world last Greek Kingdom to exist in the world so when
Rome conquered Greece when the solids fell and the tmes fell by to Rome there
was a kingdom all the way in Afghanistan it was still Greek and it lasted all the way to like 200 ad and no one ever talks
about it all right last thing I want to show you guys is uh this is a cool passage from Alexander the Great and um
or from Aryan about Alexander the Great this is so this is so cool and it just
kind of highlights the how far this bakic Empire reached and we talk about
media and um by the way Herodotus when he talks about the um the start of the
Trojan War this is in book one chapter one of Herodotus he says that the reason
why the troan war happened is because yo with was kidnapped and then in
retaliation of yo being kidnapped the Greeks captured media brought her to
Athens and then the Trojans came in and retaliated to the Greeks and captured
Helen so there's three princesses being Ro being um captured and that's why this
war started and it's almost it's very strange that these three faces media
Helen of Troy and yo very in influential almost deified goddesses in many ways
the way they're written about in these texts and they're all living in the same time period according to Herodotus and
uh they're the reason why this war has happened there's the reason why we have civilization and so when Alexander
finally goes west or I mean East he um this is what aryion says about this this
is a cool text um where is it maybe I didn't that one all right
whatever so um yeah Alexander I'll just tell you the story it's an Aryan Alexander the Great
travels all the way to barria and he says that they were in these mountains that they thought was Nissa the city of
Nissa of dianis and uh they found Wild Ivy growing on the mountains so
Alexander and his um comp and his compatriots took the ivy off dawned him
as Reese and started having a bakic they went into a bakic frenzy immediately that's that's what Arion
says um cool story by the way and uh I'm just going to leave you with this last
thing that I want to show you guys so there's the earliest sources
about know Amo was talking about the earliest mentions of any of these texts or anyone mentioning Moses anyone
mentioning um Abraham it's when you look at when these text start showing up or
when these people start getting mentioned in the sources the um the the the first time it's mentioned is Hackus
of abdera and then you get Mano then you get uh Alexander pistor you start
getting and it's all it's all in the helenistic period and they're all Greek writers writing about Moses that this
the stories don't match up with the Bible they're they're all happening later times Abraham is
like the stories are different the um the Jews living in
elephantine who left EG Israel around in 500s go down in Egypt and they have
thousands of papy that they um that they discovered
in these cities and um thousands of Aramaic inscript papes and inscriptions
in this Egyptian City and these are Jews these are Jewish they're writing in Aramaic but they're Jews they never
mentioned Abraham they never mentioned Moses they they never mention David they
never mention Noah they don't mention anybody in the Bible and we're talking
400s 480 BCE that's that's not an argument from
Silence that's an argument of no evidence that's not an argument from Silence that's an argument of no
evidence all right and that's last thing I want to show you guys I keep saying that but this is really it this
character museus of a no one ever talks about this but msus of
Athens was um supposedly he was the son of orus and he composed these texts called
the creso the oracles and uh they're they're orphic
orphic sto it's like they're like Bible stories basically they're prophetic wisdom they songs like the Psalms saloy
means songs the word samoy means songs written or a harpist that's what the
word s means in Greek it's a Greek Psalms are Greek it's a very orphic concept um even the fact they're in the
septu agent I have it over here somewhere my hand you D septu agent
check this out there's a there's a Psalm it's it's called Psalm 151 but it's not it's it's before the Christian Bibles
started numbering stuff so it's actually just at the end of it's at the end of Psalms so it's actually technically part
of Psalm 150 and if you read it it's like or it's it's about it's about King David playing his liar and calming all
the animals and trees sounds like Orpheus it's an orphic Psalm um and so
this character just put up the screen one more time real quick and this is the last one this character mosus of Athens
was the son of Orpheus who was considered to be look at this this is how they describe him he he's a a
polymath a philosopher a historian a proph a Seer a priest a poet and a
musician who does that sound like sounds like Moses miss lawgiver all that stuff
um yeah one of the stories about him he came to the he went to the Frans and
gave them laws so he's a lawgiver too and he's mentioned about he's mentioned all these sources right and by the way
if you look at the early Jewish writers philosophers and and um this is
mentioned in Yus preparatio evangelica artanis of Alexandria Alexander po hisor
penus of apamea and um it doesn't say it here but um Hackus of abdera too all say
that this is Moses so this Greek Athenian
character uh is they're saying is the real Moses that Moses is sort of based
off this guy they're sort of taking the story of musas of Athens and sort of rewriting a story of a lawgiver from
from Egypt instead of going from Athens to friia he's going from Egypt to Judea
but the stories are they line up like perfectly so anyways uh that's my that's
my I brought I brought some text I'm a little scatterbrain today but I just wanted to try to complement what he's
saying about the linguistic side and give some of the historical side
that was gorgeous absolutely gorgeous oh my god um how many degrees have you
gotten in the last couple of years my goodness I don't care
about I care about I care about the text I care about like finding stuff out I
don't really give a [__] about a degree I don't care about awards from the SPL I don't care [__] about none of that
yeah you know you're doing what they're not doing so isn't that funny you are
really the ideal scholar um and you're not sucked into the BS that is Academia
and the selling of books and pedaling of position and authority and hoooo so nice
job beautiful job my God some somebody asked me recently if I think there's a
conspiracy for academics to like like uh you know whatever and I go no it's it's
not that it's an environment of of strong
dogmas and and you it's there's no conspiracy there's no it's not like one
scholar secretly like telling them oh I think they're all right and we need to hide the truth it's not none of that's
going on what I think is going on is New Testament scholarship is so dominated by
people who want this stuff to be true that it's sort of when when Scholars get when new students come up in these
seminars they're being pushed in a direction where they can't even challenge the status quo because they
won't have a job their books won't get sold they won't be part of the crew they they'll be outcasted and they don't want
that so they sort of um subconsciously just um just go along with whatever is
being taught to them and they're not really they're not really um they're not really being being given any reason to
go outside instead to outside and and discover they're they're be they're it's like they're being conditioned to just
be part of the system that's already there and just serve the system rather than go out and discover something that
no one's discovered yet and and I'm not saying people don't do that but I'm
saying there's so much Dogma in trying to keep all this historical and try to
keep oh the you know Israel is so ancient and they're way way older than the Greeks and they it's all yeah that
whole whole Dogma is just so strong that it can't be questioned that's what I think it's
going on yeah it's always a matter of whether or not you can crack that
ceiling of what um where the control mechanism is right to shut you down
because whoever brings you that history is that stuff floating around the air around us um I thought that was uh
brilliantly done I have a question I have a question for you um you think
that old um that fifth you know 5000
BC you think that that's crazy isn't it yeah do you think that's probably
palasan um what else would be yeah is that is that is that where you would go
with that I mean that's where I want to go but God how can we break that down and figure out if it is because it
sounds like de how did that thing end up in a Neolithic Village surrounded by
Neolithic pottery with a on a piece of wood that's carinated to that same Neolithic period how the hell did that
get there and I'll I'll admit that's an anomaly it doesn't make any sense but
like then you look but then okay that that's because we're jumping from 5,000 BC to 2,000 BC when you start seeing
similar which is they call it the troan script when when you start seeing similar scripts linear a comes comes
from uh creit so the whole Mediterranean seems to have similar style of writing
whereas in Egypt it's hieroglyphics in in in s in Middle East it's copor but in
the Mediterranean world you see this what looks like Proto alphabetic scripts
which is what the whole point I was trying to make was it looks like the alphabet isn't coming froma form or
hieroglyphics it's coming from over here and the evidence people are ignoring the Trojan script they're just writing it
off no no no that's not real but it's like what is it then it's something it's
something it's sitting there let's figure out what it is why does nobody care and and you know when you brought
up you were like well it doesn't really look like it but maybe I'm telling you I'm telling you when I went into EMT
Bennett who cracked Linear B the first time I looked at a linear B tablet I it
is nowhere near um any of the Greek that I had been taught um so yeah the fact
that there is something there is actually what's most important it'll take the Egghead some time to crack that
one but I sure hope it's palasan you know it's been 30 years since they
discovered it in Macedonia and no no peer-reviewed articles have been published zero so
it's just sitting there no one's done any work on it it's like do they people
do people not is is there no incentive for anybody to talk about this and I'm not saying there's a conspir like I said
I'm not saying conspiracy I'm saying there's nobody care is that what's going on nobody cares they just want this to
be oh the Phoenicians created the alphabet from from Egyptian and they gave it to the Greeks well what what the
[__] is this what are these inscriptions then why are they why does it look so similar to Greek yeah I think it's I
think it's laziness too you got to factor that in if there's not money in
it and and let's be honest cracking something like this you know it's
probably not going to yield you a big you know nobody's going to make you rich over it and give you sponsors right um
unless unless you can successfully if you can successfully slam dunk 100% Pro
and change the academic consensus and say look we think the alphabet might have came from somewhere
else and then if you can do that that that'll make you famous forever but
against a brick wall right now that doesn't want if you the Wikipedia article shows you every person who tried
to publish say It's Greek got shut down immed no way it's not Greek can't be
Greek you know the phans made the alphabet shut up sit down no that's that's really what's been happening so
the question is if it's not Greek then what is it yeah yeah the that's exactly
what they were saying about lenar be because they did not know it was Greek to start with right so yeah it's a it's
a great candidate um with everything the Greeks are saying about the pans and you
know now Neil because you've been reading the sources it only makes sense that the language is going directly back
to that ancestor so um yeah yeah I think I think we're
ready just to clarify when I say Greek obviously what I mean is Proto Greek
palasan mean I'm talking I'm not talking about like they didn't maybe they didn't call themselves Greeks yeah but I'm
saying this area and this in similar Indo-European language structure that's
what I mean by that so what I say you mentioned media too if you don't mind I
want to ask you um your opinion because um they also said that media was Helen
and that she was the one who was projecting um Her Image into Achilles
mind because you know media and ailles end up in in
Elysium um as the bride pair in Elysium and when Achilles was in his all girl
school um um de deia was there and she's the only Priestess who had intercourse
with him um as he as he was disguised and our ancient sources actually say de
deia is another way to say media wow so
yeah too now check this out people don't know this there's a there's a text written by Homer it's lost but staus a
Latin Roman in the in the Roman period he wrote I don't know if he translated Homer or if he re rewrote the story in
Latin point is he's we he we had the story we know what it's about it's preserved in Latin but the Greek homeric
text it's it's a prequel to The Iliad The Iliad wasn't just two books Iliad
and odyssey it was I think eight I think they said it's called an octat and I
think it's it's called the achad which is the story of Achilles that you just mentioned and that story is
crazy ailles grew up trans I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not look people going to
say you're come on Jude you're applying modern techn stuff and no read the text
he grew up as a girl amongst the amazonians and the Amazonian tribe of
cyia he wore all girls clothing he was disguised as a girl his entire life
because um Zeus was gonna kill him if he found him but he did so about like
that's the story I'm just telling that's the story um by the way okay back to Media that's
what you asked me for I think Homer is giving an esoteric retelling of the Trojan War
story because this is the he's yo is captured media is captured and Helen is
captured he's he's TW it almost it's almost like the hecky three-headed goddess Because by the way who is Yo now
we've already connected you just connected Meda and Helen that was great but what why is Yo there well yo you
know who yo is Yo is the Christ yo is the character in Prometheus bound who
gets stung by the gadfly and the word asist uses is ch
christe Christy christed so media Helen
yo is like a triple goddess Christ figure pre this is the Christ we've been
say you and I have been talking about this for years now you've been you much longer but there is a ancient Christ and
she was a goddess and I that's what I think is going on with Herodotus I think he's giving a a retelling of The Iliad
it's book one chapter her read it for yourself where he says here's what happens before the IL before the events
of Homer's Iliad Before Troy got captured and he's this random story about yo media and Helen all being
captured at the same time it's very strange I think there's I think there's definitely something going on
there gorgeous gorgeous yeah no and uh there's um there's sometimes the
language blocks us off from what they're actually kind of communicating cuz everybody knows like that Helen was able
to project Her Image so the Greeks will write about her actually being in Egypt
she never went to Troy right she actually went to Egypt and projected Her
Image there so what do they mean when they say this right what is what is
going on in the Greek mind um and when you actually read that well um see
Achilles had dreams and in these dreams he was visited by the medwa right all of
a sudden you're into a cultural um practice you're into a cult practice and
you're into this marriage this heros gamos right and these terms are familiar
to them so when they're going through these myths when you're talking about ail that's who um you've got in the
center of your um image he's essentially the guy who goes through the initiation
right and realize media is actually older right she's projected into this
generation um so it's you know but of course she always looks young always
looks young it's an incredible cult um kind of operation that you wouldn't
think you know people are like what does this have to do remember Isaiah is a prophetes right guess what media is
she's not just a prophet she's the arch Prophet she's the one who brings the oracles right she's sitting enthroned on
the island of Thea yeah what it looks like happening is the pro when you look
at the prophets by the way um I mentioned the Copenhagen Society Russell
gurin has written a book it's peer-reviewed um he's got two of them right first he came out with this
Plato's tus biblical creation accounts and he lays it out that the presocratic
invented monism and obviously there's some Persian influence there too obviously
not not denying that zor rash he talks about that too and then it gets that's why he says he dates the Helen he dates
the Old Testament text the helenistic period um just like we both doing and
then people shot back at him and said well if that's the case you would expect the law codes the law codes in in
Deuteronomy are all ancient Babylonian law codes well then he came out with this book also peer-reviewed play to in
the creation of the Hebrew Bible he shows that 75% of the law codes I think
80 or 75 or 80% of the law codes the majority of the law codes in Deuteronomy
and Leviticus and numbers line up with Athenian law codes and only about 20% of
them are from Babylonian or whatever Egyptian so most of them are actually do
so he shot back to saying no you're actually wrong it's Greek still Greek so they then now now nobody you know what
they do instead of having an academic discussion and debating write I mean write an article write a fiery article c
talk [__] back let's do this this is what acting supposed nobody they just ignore him in fact I went and Dan M this
is I want went to one dad mlen live one time and he was answering questions it
wasn't it wasn't super chats anyone that asked a question one by one he was reading them and answering them he got
to my question what are your thoughts on Copenhagen and the biblical minimalism he didn't even read it he skipped right
over me went to the next question they don't even want to engage with this [__] dude why
why yeah exactly that's what the appropriation is for right it gives you
legitimacy if you don't have legitimacy your whole stack of cards falls down so
yeah yeah love it love it that's a perfect way um Neil to kind of bring
everything uh full circle um what we've got is a p um a group of languages and
we've got this survival um this story that's playing
out this narrative it's very biological and that thing um the best
thing that you can do to follow that track is to watch how the Greek language
so took over and influenced the world you got to remember of AR anglosaxon you
know 30% to a half of it somewhere it's coming from the Greek we're only able to
get these Concepts because of that power powerful language as you mentioned
because of the limitations on Germanic languages and English anglosaxon English
being one of those Germanic languages we can only like we can borrow words from
Greek but we can't express things like you try to translate a Greek text you're dumbing it down you're watering it down
you're you're it's it's completely bottlenecked it becomes like a less becomes like a very rigid version you're
right the Greek language is special it's very special it's very um it's very uh
Advanced it's very and that's why that's why that's I think that's another reason
to to suggest that the alphabet could come from such a place that's so advanced in writing I suspect that power
was coming through the plasan side that's what that's what I think I think
ancient Greek got its ump from that old alasan ancestor because they're always
associating like specific religious rights with the pans so you know any of
the terms that come through like the um we talked tonight about the
laconian right and the source of that word being that we didn't say it but it was the howling right that Wolf's
howling and the LC on um root um of that
word um all of that is in the text but it's getting there from that Old palasan
side and I'm I'm starting to think that it was the palasan who really had their
[__] together and had a language that was you know it was off the charts
expressively and mechanically off the charts um not just in what it could
express conceptually but in its flexibility and its native ability to
build words and to use words together they're always using the same route
paired next to each other they're always making contrast like inherent comparisons and
contrasting that's it's amazing amazing you can even tell in the Greek sentence
you can even tell whether or not an action is being performed for the benefit of the subject or not right it's
like how did they figure this out how did they I I hope it was those palasi
and those were horse tribes too that's why they ended up like you said in thesy um anywhere on limnos as well they
also ended up on limnos and that that stuff uh on limnos looks like it's you know people are trying to figure out
that one too they're like which language is this right yeah cypriot Sy it's called
cyot um syllables or whatever then you have um you have lydian the lydian
alphabet yeah it looks like it looks like it looks like some people some people say it looks Phoenician but it
looks very Greek too probably some sort of ancestor of what we're talking about some sort of
some sort of palasan thing that started off and then you have like the louan hittite languages those are all
Indo-European they they line up more with Greek than they do with anything semetic um and some of they use Cano
form for a while but then during the Persian period they start using the alphabet so you start getting you start
getting these Indo-European languages very similar they have like they worship
Artemis like Artemis is in their Lang like there's so much Greek overlap with
the hittite languages like the lydian languages the frians the capid oans the ionians were just so brilliant they were
just the scientists of the ancient world they they started civilization there those are the that's where
everything all the credit is due to the ionians totally hypocrates you were mentioning famous U people in ant
hypocrates baby he writes in a beautiful ionian it's gorgeous and it's kind of
you you were talking about the oath you were reading the oath the other day looking at that oath isn't that delicious the translation that that the
current translation is so christianized it's so bad they have like holy in there and there's no holy in there they
they're just like throwing words in that don't exist or that aren't in the trans the Greek our duty it's our duty to
protect that yeah they made yeah they took the so the translation that you look look up the hypocritic oath and you
read it on Wikipedia you're going to read of christianized version of it it's not the same the Greek's a lot different
and by the way the christianized version says I will never give somebody a an
abortion if you read it's not in there it says it says I will not give anybody aphrodisiacs against their will says the
exact opposite why is how did that happen it talks about the thosa the death inducer
too it's the context of the pharmacology that you have to get in to your mind
yeah everybody makes a big deal about that um um I wanted to ask you while
I've got you prisoner tell me um the herculanum library so 800 Scrolls um
probably with a lot that we're not um we're not uh e we don't even know who the authors are right um so tell me this
what is your understanding of or how do you think
people are getting it how important this thing is how important this library is from what I from from what I've seen
people talk about it like other other YouTubers who are into this stuff are also on their on the edge of their seat
can't wait to see what's going to happen they they translated a text that it was like a philosophical Doctrine about
about having good being in good how to be in good cheer Spirits or something something along those lines and you can
just tell it's just some Greek [__] like that's all they write about it's all about Aesthetics and some pre cratic
talking about like the epicurian are like it's all about being cheerful the stoics it's all good chill
it's all good chill that's the freak attitude man I love the stoics I love the cynic the cynics I love the cynics
they don't give a [__] cynic throw out your wealth there's a picture of Cates I call ammo and Cates that no one knows
this one more I'm G show one more thing I gotta s this so C's from of I think
he's from Athens I don't know where he's from uh I found it okay Cates of Athens
check check this out right I I call ammo and Cates all the time when I when I talk to him because he reminds me of
this dude ready all right you got it so Cates of Athens was a was one of the uh
he was a student of diynes the cynic and there's that famous painting of him oh
where is it they don't have it on here um CES
painting of Athens I gotta show him this this is you all day here it
is all right hold on I got to share my other screen now ready for this this is ammo all day
dumping out his wealth he doesn't care see he's dumping out all the diamonds because the cynic had this
attitude of reject riches live in nature live in a live in go to the inner city
and live in a barrel and you'll see you'll be happy one day if you can figure out how to live like that that was a cynic attitude man stoicism
actually comes out of cynicism um the first stoic Zeno was a student of Cates
so it goes It goes diyes who's around for Socrates diyes then Cates and then
Zeno the first stoic so stoicism comes out of C ISM you need you need to be
cynic to be you need to be a cynic before you can be a stoic mix isn't that crazy I like that the cynics are called
cynic because they were considered dogs yeah dog like that's what I have it on
my Twitter account dog like live be happy in life
be like dogs are always happy right yeah all they want is their food and be able to go outside and piss that's it you
could you live like a dog life is good that's the
attitude that's diyes baby he just did what he wanted you know what I mean he
was the only dog that didn't leave town when the bad guys came because he didn't care he was the anti he was the Satan of
Plato because there's stories about him and Plato live together they hated each
other and there's stories about diyes confronting Plato and saying dude I
heard you had to kiss the ass of of because the Tyrant um Dian Isis of of Sicily the richest he was the richest
king in probably the world at that time and pl would go visit this guy so he can get like favors and stuff and diag is
like you have to go kiss the ass of this Tyrant that sucks and uh pl's like well
you have to wash your vegetables in a in a river he's like at least I don't have to kiss an ass to a tyrant like it was
just like dude diag was awesome man I love it I love reading about diogenes I
love that man I love that that's beauti okay okay I'm going to declare a closing
to tonight's most outstanding episode but I want to first of all thank Gnostic
for coming and say I am truly truly uh
over AED um by the work and now I'm GNA have to go back and think about some of
the plas and stuff again kind of bring that up to the four so um well done sir
I hereby give you your master's degree and now we will proceed to the PHD that
first part with the with the Linguistics blew my mind I didn't that was first time I ever heard anything like you
brought some some some arguments there yeah and hopefully people will see and
they'll you know they'll copy and they'll be like oh wait a minute can you actually do this can you read the Greek
and find out that the Hebrew is totally different yes you can um so you know
where the lazy classes is out there there get off your backsides and start working on the Bible right it needs it
you got to start doing it man don't let them take it from you there's still ancient texts yeah love it I want to say
I'm GNA meet I'm gonna give you the last word Neil but um I want to say I'm going to meet with the
discordians and we will find out the news from Omnia um thank you for
everybody for coming tonight I want to I'm I'm going to throw it to you so don't jump off right away but hail Satan
on my end um Neil um it's your last word tonight what do you think
man man I just gotta say we have okay I got something deeper I want to say about
this because I heard that there's Classics departments being shut
down Bible or you know ancient studies being shut down and my first reaction to that was like that can't be good but
then I thought about it maybe it might be good because now we live in a time period where we have
access to libraries online lob International for example Library every
Greek text every Latin text right there at your fingertips you can go on Wiis on and learn a language from an expert you
can learn Greek you can learn Latin you can learn Hebrew you can learn whatever you want Coptic you have no excuse on
that not you know and 50 years ago you had to go to a college you had to find somebody who can teach you in your city
you were if you didn't find have someone in your city didn't teach Greek you're not learning Greek period so now that's
gone now you have you can learn Greek you have lobe you have topos text so you
can find any reference to anyone mentioned in any Source at your finger tips you have chat gp4 help you
translate I've used it to help me translate it's pretty damn good um you have topos geography where you can look
up archaeological sites and find out where people where where ancient sites are and look where dig say all this
stuff you have Al we call it Alice Percy is tus we call it Alice from
that song percus tffs which we call Alice that's your that's your that's your that's your dagger so basically
lobe is your is your helmet percus tff is your dagger um the Greek from wisdon is your
sword your your armor is the um is lobe
the text we have every tool at your fingertips to do this stuff
yourself but that also means test your theories out there if you think
something's if you find something you think I found something that no one know I found some sort of Discovery I have a new Theory put it out there and let
people respond to it test it out by the way this is what I've been doing for the last three years my three years ago if
you watch my videos from three years ago I I saying some crazy [__] that I don't think today why why did I change my mind
because I was able to throw them I didn't just hold on to my theories and keep them to myself I threw them out there on the internet and they got
tested in the fire and if I was wrong I was wrong and then I changed that I I would adjust my theories and uh my my
work and keep going and that's what I think everyone should be doing so we're in a time period now where you don't
really need to pay $40,000 to go to university you could just do it yourself
so that's my that's my hell Satan for and cud to you and that's why you're a
real scholar that's why you're a real scholar cuz look you're doing this for the motivation for the love of the text
you know what I mean compare that to somebody at huhan Harvard who's got the
position and all the talks to go to and the hooa it's all hooa right he's not
there anymore for the I can tell you I work with these people that they're not there anymore for the beauty of it so in
in being Ronin and educating yourself as a ronin on the outside Neil um people
look at the virtue of Gnostic informant look at it yeah it's nice admire The
Virtue I admire your virtue Neil it's May it have long life indeed indeed
thank you for coming everybody and everybody at discordia please come and meet me right now um and Neil it's a
true honor hail Satan how's him they lie with evil for money the witch Queen of
the trees got these arrows the tips dipped in the darkest of Venoms media
seldom asked me to kill but for what you did to the kids she's coming to get you
vampires like to suck good the juic is loose spitting these rhymes on the
microphone one two one two this thing on Keeper of the song for media
with a kiss of poison she's coming to see you boom back Snake Queen trap
she shell by the seash
media she s seashell by the
seashore Med SE seash Shell by the seashore
de me